You're looking for clients in the wrong
places. While you're sending cold DMs
and getting ignored, Google Maps is
quietly showing you exactly which
businesses need your help for free. And
you can spot them in under 30 seconds.
Here's the opportunity. Every local
business has gaps in their online
presence that are costing them
customers. Gaps they don't even know
exist. And you can find them using a
tool that's already on your phone. No
ads, no cold calling, no experience
needed. I've built three different
sevenfigure agencies using this exact
method, starting from zero each time. In
this video, I'm breaking down the
complete system. I call it the map gap,
and it's three simple moves. First, find
businesses losing customers right now.
Second, reach out in a way that actually
gets them to respond. Third, turn that
conversation into a paying client, all
using Google Maps and a few simple
tools. By the end of this video, you'll
be able to do it yourself today for
free, even if you have zero experience.
So, let me show you exactly how it
works. Here's what most people do when
they're trying to find clients. They go
on social media. They scroll through
random business pages. Maybe they search
a hashtag. And then they send a generic
one-sizefits-all message that basically
says, "Hey, I do marketing. Want to hop
on a call?" And then they send that same
message to 50 people. Nobody responds.
And then they think that the problem is
nobody wants marketing help. That's not
the problem. The problem is they don't
know anything about the business they're
reaching out to. They have no idea
what's broken or what the business owner
needs help with. And the business owner
can tell. So, instead of guessing what
the problems are and who needs your
help, instead you're going to let Google
Maps show you exactly who needs your
help and exactly what kind of help they
need. And I want to sketch something out
for you real quick just to show you why
this works. Think of every local
business as a bucket. They're spending
money and time and effort pouring water
into that bucket, running ads, putting
up signs, asking for referrals, doing
all the things that bring in new
customers. But most of them have holes
in the bucket. So, leads come in, but
they fall right through. The phone rings
and nobody picks up. Someone finds them
online, but their listing has no
reviews, so they click on a competitor
instead. A potential customer visits
their website and there's no way to book
or to even contact them easily. Your job
is not to pour more water into the
bucket. Your job is to find these holes
and then to plug them. That's the whole
map gap system. You use Google Maps to
find these holes and then you offer to
fix them. And it takes about 30 seconds
per business. Let me show you. So, let
me hop into my computer now and we'll
pull up Google Maps and search for a
real business category in a real city.
Let's go with roofing in Scottdale.
You can do this with any local business,
though. Plumbers, electricians, HVAC,
dentists, landscapers, auto repair,
anything where the customer is searching
online to find someone to hire. Now,
look at what comes up. You've got the
map pack at the very top with three or
sometimes four different businesses. But
if you click more businesses down here,
you get this really long list. And this
is where things get interesting. Start
scrolling through and pay attention to a
few things here. First, look at the
review count. You're going to see some
businesses with hundreds of reviews,
some with 12, some with six, some with
none at all. The ones with very few
reviews are at a massive disadvantage
because when a customer is choosing
between a roofer or a plumber or an
electrician with 200 five-star reviews
versus one with eight, they're picking
the one with 200 reviews every single
time. even if the business with eight
reviews does better work. Next, we can
click into a few of these listings. Look
at what's actually happening here. Do
they have photos? Is there a business
description? Are the hours listed? Is
there even a website linked? You're
going to be shocked at how many
businesses are missing basic information
that customers are looking for. When key
information is missing, it's kind of
like locking the front door of your
business and then wondering why nobody's
coming in. Actually, it's worse than
that. It's like not even having a front
door at all. Every single piece of
missing information is a gap. And this
is a problem that you can solve and you
just found some of them in 30 seconds
without spending a dime. Now, I want to
zoom in on one of these listings and
break it down piece by piece so you can
see exactly what I'm looking at. So,
here's an actual business listing I
pulled up and I want to walk you through
exactly what I see because this is what
you're going to train your eye to spot.
First thing I notice is they've only got
62 reviews, which sounds like a lot, but
in a competitive market like roofing,
it's basically invisible. The businesses
ranking above them on the first page
have 100, 200, 300, sometimes even more
reviews. And the thing is, you can tell
from the reviews that they are doing
good work. Customers are happy, but
almost nobody is finding them because
they're buried underneath competitors
who just have more social proof. Second
thing is they haven't responded to a
single review. I mean, look at this. The
customers have taken the time to say
something nice about their business and
there's nothing back. No thank you, no
acknowledgement, just nothing. And that
matters more than most business owners
realize because every review response is
basically free marketing. [snorts] It
shows potential customers that someone
is actually paying attention and that
this is a business that actually cares.
When there's no response on the other
hand, it looks like nobody's home. And
for customers choosing between two
different businesses, that silence is
often enough to make them pick one over
the other. And third, and this one's
incredibly important, there's no website
linked. So, even if someone does find
them on Google Maps, there's nowhere for
that person to go to learn more or to
book a service. Now, granted, some
people will get on the phone and call
that phone number. So, at least they've
got that there. But, a lot of people are
going to want to check out the website
first. So, this is a big problem for
them. So, that's three problems I
spotted in about 15 seconds. And this
business owner probably has no idea that
any of this is happening. They're busy
fixing roofs. They're not sitting around
analyzing their Google presence, which
is exactly why they need someone like
you. Now, I want to tell you a quick
story because this makes this whole
thing real. A couple of months ago, my
water heater broke. No hot water. And
look, we've all seen the videos where
people are talking about how cold
showers build discipline and increase
alertness and increase dopamine and all
that. That's fine. I can tough it out
for a day or two with an ice cold
shower. But asking my wife and kids to
do the same thing, that's not building
discipline. That's just cruel. So, I did
what every homeowner does. I picked up
my phone. I searched for water heater
repair near me. And I called the first
three businesses that came up. Now, the
first one went straight to voicemail and
the voicemail box was full. Second one
rang about six times and nobody picked
up, so I hung up. Third one, a real
human answered on the second ring, gave
me a quote right then and there, and had
someone come out that same afternoon to
fix things. Well, guess which one got my
money. And it wasn't because they were
cheaper. I didn't even ask the other two
for a price because they never even got
the chance. Now, here's the statistic
that makes all of this hurt. Around 62%
of calls to small businesses go
unanswered. And most customers do
exactly what I did. They don't leave a
voicemail. They don't call back later.
They just call the next business on the
list. The business owner is losing money
every single time this happens. And the
worst part is they usually have no idea
because they never see all of the calls
they missed. The only reason that that
third company got my money is because
someone picked up the phone. That's it.
So, if you can help a business be the
one that actually answers when a
customer calls, you don't need to
convince anyone of anything. The result
does all of the convincing for you. This
is a hole in that bucket. And this is
what you're going to help them fix. Now,
everything I just showed you on Google
Maps absolutely works. You can do this
manually. Search a category, click
through the listings, take notes on
what's broken. If you did 10 of these a
day, 5 days a week, you'd have 50
potential clients identified in just one
week. That's a strong start. But here's
the thing about doing this manually. It
works, but it's slow. And when
something's slow, most people stop doing
it before it has a chance to start
working. And that's exactly why you need
a system in order to handle this part
for you. So, let me show you how to
speed this up. So, what you're looking
at here is a client finder tool that
does what we just did on Google Maps,
but it does it automatically. I type in
roofers and then Scottsdale, Arizona,
and it pulls up the same listings, but
instead of me clicking into each one and
taking notes, it's already analyzing
everything. It checks whether they've
claimed their Google business profile.
It looks at their review count. It
checks whether they're running a modern
website, and it even gives each business
a conversion score based on how many
gaps it finds. So, right away, I can
sort out who needs the most help. And
these are the businesses that I'm going
to reach out to first because they're
not going to wonder if they need
marketing help. They already know it.
They just don't know who to call in
order to get that help. Now, if I click
into one of these businesses, I can save
them as a prospect and generate a full
marketing audit. And this is where
things get really interesting. The
system goes through their entire online
presence, looks at their Google listing
completeness, review count. It checks
whether they're responding to reviews,
looks at their website status, whether
they're using tracking tools, even
whether their business name, phone
number, and address are showing up
correctly across other sites like Yelp
and Bing and Map Quest. And it generates
a report, a real professional PDF that
scores their marketing out of 100. Most
businesses I run this through end up
somewhere between 30 and 50, which means
there is a massive amount of room for
improvement here and a massive amount of
opportunity for you. Now, if you don't
have access to this tool yet, that's
completely fine. You can do the same
audit manually. Just go to their Google
listing and check their basics. Look at
their website, search their business
name, and see what comes up. The tool
just makes it faster and a little more
comprehensive. But the principle is
exactly the same. Find the gaps before
you reach out so you're leading with a
specific problem instead of some generic
sales pitch that they've heard a
thousand times before. Okay, so you
found businesses with gaps. Maybe you've
got an audit report ready to go. Now
what? How do you actually reach out
without sounding like every other person
sliding into their DMs? Well, here's
what most people send. some version of,
"Hey, I'm a digital marketer and I help
businesses like yours get more leads.
Would you like to hop on a call?" And
the business owner reads that and
thinks, "Great, another one." And just
deletes it. That message is so generic
that it could have been sent by
literally anyone to literally any
business, which is exactly the problem
because that's exactly what happened. So
instead, you're going to do something
different. You're going to lead with a
specific problem that you already found.
Not a generic pitch, but a specific
observation about their business that
shows that you actually looked. If they
already have a website, and most
businesses do, send something like this.
Hey, name. I was searching for roofers
in Scottsdale and came across your
business. You've got some really solid
reviews. I noticed a few things on your
Google listing that could be costing you
calls, though. I put together a quick
breakdown if you'd like to see it. No
charge, no strings. Just thought it
might help. On the other hand, if they
don't have a website, send this. Hey,
name. I was trying to find your website
when searching for roofers in
Scottsdale, but I couldn't find one. I
know that's probably not at the top of
your priority list when you're busy
actually running your business, but it
might be costing you more customers than
you think. Happy to share what I found
if you're open to it. Now, notice what
both of those messages do. They lead
with something specific about that
business. They say something positive
before pointing out a problem. They
offer value before asking for anything.
And they don't ask for a call. They just
offer to share what they found. That
last part matters more than you might
think. Asking someone to get on a call
with a complete stranger is it's a
pretty big request. But offering to
share a free breakdown of something you
already noticed, that's a tiny little
request. And tiny little requests get
way more responses than big ones. By the
way, you can send these messages through
email, through direct message, or even
pick up the phone if you're up for it.
The medium matters less than the
message. What matters is that you've
done 30 seconds of research and you're
leading with what you found. So when
they respond and want to see what you
found, then what? Easy. Here you send
the audit or you walk them through what
you noticed. And then here's the key.
You don't try to sell them everything at
once. You pick one problem and offer to
fix it. Now, when it comes to what you
actually offer, you've got three
services that work really well as a
starting point. You don't need all
three. You just need one that fits the
business that you're talking to. The
first one is reviews. If their Google
review count is low, you set up a simple
system that automatically asks their
customers for a review after every job.
Most businesses are getting one or two
reviews a month because they're relying
on people to remember on their very own,
which never happens. So, you want to
automate that ask and watch that number
jump up significantly. The second
service you can offer is AI
receptionist. If they're missing calls
and remember 62% of small businesses do,
you set up an AI that answers the phone
when they can't. So, think after hours,
weekends, holidays, or just when they're
busy with another customer. The AI picks
up the phone, answers the questions, and
it books the appointment for them
automatically. And the third service
that you could sell is a website. If
they don't have one, or if the one they
have looks like it was built back in
2009, you can build them a clean, simple
site that actually turns visitors into
leads. This one is especially easy to
spot during the map gap because you can
see it right there in their Google
listing. And don't worry, you don't need
to know how to code in order to build a
website, as we're going to use copy and
paste templates here that are just going
to require you to change a few pieces of
text and maybe swap out an image or two.
So, pick whichever service matches what
you found in the audit. That's your
entry point. Now, let me show you what
one of these looks like when it's
actually set up and running. I'm going
to use reviews here as an example
because it's probably one of the most
common starting points, but the process
is similar for all three. So, inside the
system, I can build a simple campaign
that triggers after a job is completed.
The customer gets a text that says
something like, "Thanks for choosing
business name. If you had a good
experience, would you mind leaving us a
quick review? Here's the link." All they
have to do is just tap it once and
they're done. Now, think about what this
does for a business over time. Let's say
they're currently getting maybe one or
two new reviews per month, which is
pretty typical when you're relying on
customers to remember on their own.
Well, if this system sends a request
after every job, and even a fraction of
those people leave a review, you're
looking at 10, 15, maybe 20 new reviews
a month. Run that out over 90 days, and
the difference is massive. Plus, more
reviews means they're going to start
climbing in the Google rankings because
Google pays attention to how many new
reviews you're getting and how recently
you got them. And if you don't have
access to this automation tool, you can
still do this manually. Just create a
simple follow-up text or an email that
the business owner sends after each job.
Something like, "Thanks for working with
us. Would you mind leaving us a quick
review?" And then making sure you've got
a direct link. So, it's just one tap and
they're done. I mean, sure, it won't be
automated, but you'll still probably get
more reviews than just doing nothing at
all. The tool just takes the business
owner out of the equation, so it happens
every time without anyone having to
remember. So, pick a service and then
deliver results on that one thing. And
then the relationship expands naturally
from there because the business owner
who's already seeing real results from
you is going to say yes to pretty much
whatever you suggest next because you've
already proven that you can help. Okay,
let me walk you back to the flip chart
now because I want to show you what this
looks like as a business. Let's say you
get 10 clients and you're charging an
average of around $500 a month.
Now, sure, some of them might be at $300
just for reviews, and some might be at
$800 for reviews plus basic SEO. But for
the average, let's say 500 a month times
10 clients, well, that's $5,000 in
revenue,
all from free clients that you found on
Google Maps. But here's the part I
really want you to think about. Look at
this from a business owner's
perspective. Their average job is worth
what? For a plumber, maybe 500 bucks.
For a roofer, $5,000 or more. If your
system brings them even one extra
customer per month that they otherwise
would have lost to a competitor, your
entire fee is paid for. Everything after
that is just pure profit for them. And
that's why this is such an easy
conversation to have. The math just
makes sense to them. Now, I need to be
straight with you about something. This
works, but unsurprisingly, it only works
for people who actually do the outreach,
not people who just watch the video and
then go watch another one. I mean, the
system is simple, but simple doesn't
mean that it does itself. You still have
to send the messages, put together the
audits, and actually follow up when
someone says, "Yeah, send it over." And
then goes quiet for three days. That's
the work. I mean, it's not hard work,
but it is work. And here's what I've
seen to be true time and time again with
the people who succeed at this. Well,
they're not the ones with the best tech
skills or the fanciest tools. They're
the ones who actually reach out and
offer to help. That's it. That's the
whole game. So, the real question isn't,
"Does this work?" I mean, I just showed
you that it does. The question is, are
you the kind of person who's going to
open Google Maps after this video and
actually try it? Or are you the kind of
person who bookmarks it and then moves
on to the next video? Everything I just
showed you, the prospecting tool, the
audit reports, the review automations,
the follow-up sequences, all of it runs
on one platform called Highle. I've been
using this for over 6 years now, and
it's what all three of my million-dollar
agencies run on. When you sign up
through the link in the description
below this video, you get a free
extended trial, and you also get what I
call agency OS. That's my complete
system. The outreach scripts, the
marketing automations, the website
templates, the review campaigns, the
follow-up workflows, all pre-built,
oneclick to install. Over 1,600 agencies
are running on this exact same setup
right now. So, you don't start with a
blank screen wondering what to build.
You start with the same system I use,
and then you can customize it for your
clients. And I'll show you exactly how
to do that inside of our private
community, which you also get access to
when you sign up. If you're not ready
for this yet, no pressure, but the
link's there when you are. And if you
want to see the complete system behind
everything I just showed you, how to
pick your niche, how to stack
high-profit offers, and how to turn this
into a real profitable agency, I broke
the whole thing down step by step in the
video that I've got linked up right
here. So, feel free to tap or click that
now.